Update SSO page with basic guide and UI (#954)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/security-sso.md

The Hugging Face Hub gives you the ability to implement mandatory Single Sign-On (SSO) for your organization.

We support both SAML 2.0 and OpenID Connect (OIDC) protocols.

<Tip warning={true}>
This feature is part of the <a href="https://huggingface.co/enterprise" target="_blank">Enterprise Hub</a>.
</Tip>

## How does it work?

> When Single Sign-On is enabled, the members of your organization must authenticate through your Identity Provider (IdP) to access any content under the organization's namespace. Public content is still be available to users who are not members of the organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Single Sign-On is enabled, the members of your organization must authenticate through your Identity Provider (IdP) to access any content under the organization's namespace. Public content will still be available to users who are not members of the organization.
```

We support [role mapping](#role-mapping): you can automatically assign [roles](./organizations-security#access-control-in-organizations) to organization members based on attributes provided by your Identity Provider.

### Supported Identity Providers

You can easily integrate Hugging Face Hub with a variety of Identity Providers, such as Okta, OneLogin or Azure Active Directory (Azure AD). Hugging Face Hub can work with any OIDC-compliant or SAML (*SP Initiated*) Identity Provider.

## How to configure OIDC/SAML provider in the Hub

We have some guides available to help with configuring based on your chosen SSO provider, or to take inspiration from:

- [How to configure OIDC with Okta in the Hub](./security-sso-okta-oidc)
- [How to configure SAML with Okta in the Hub](./security-sso-okta-saml)

### Users Management

<div class="flex justify-center">
	<img class="block dark:hidden" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/sso/sso-settings-users.png"/>
	<img class="hidden dark:block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/sso/sso-settings-users-dark.png"/>
</div>

#### Session Timeout

> This value sets the duration of the session for members of your organisation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This value sets the duration of the session for members of your organization.
```

> After this time, members will be prompted to re-authenticate with your Identity Provider to access the organisation's resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After this time, members will be prompted to re-authenticate with your Identity Provider to access the organization's resources.
```

- Org members logged in on hf.co must authenticate through SSO even to access public content from your org. Such content will still be accessible to anyone outside the org. SSO only applies to your org, meaning your org members can still belong to other orgs on hf.co.
- Role mapping is supported and determined by your IdP and your settings. Enabling role mapping means you can't assign roles manually in the org.

## Supported Identity Providers

> You can easily integrate Hugging Face Hub with a variety of Identity Providers, such as Okta, OneLogin or Azure Active Directory (Azure AD). Hugging Face Hub can work with any OIDC-compliant or SAML (*SP Initiated*) Identity Provider.

Reviewer 2: can you reword this @Michellehbn? i don't think the current wording makes sense 😊

## How to configure OIDC/SAML provider in the Hub

> You can check your different guides to configure your SSO provider, if yours is not available you can consult one of them to give you an idea of how to do it.

Reviewer 2: can you reword this @Michellehbn? i don't think the current wording makes sense 😊

> You can check your different guides to configure your SSO provider, if yours is not available you can consult one of them to give you an idea of how to do it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can check our different guides to configure your SSO provider. If we don't have a guide about your SSO provider, you can take inspiration from the ones below, and contact us if we can help in any way.
```

Reviewer 2: gave it a try here^

> You can check your different guides to configure your SSO provider, if yours is not available you can consult one of them to give you an idea of how to do it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have some guides available to help with configuring based on your chosen SSO provider, or to take inspiration from, though contact us if there's any questions.
```

- [How to configure OIDC with Okta in the Hub](./security-sso-okta-oidc)
- [How to configure SAML with Okta in the Hub](./security-sso-okta-saml)

## Users Management

> This section enables you to configure some aspects of your organization's SSO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section enables you to configure some aspects of your organization's SSO.
```

<div class="flex justify-center">
<img class="block dark:hidden" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/sso/sso-settings-users.png"/>
<img class="hidden dark:block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/sso/sso-settings-users-dark.png"/>
</div>

### Session Timeout

> It represents the delay when your organization members will be re-asked to complete the SSO flow, by default it is 7 days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It represents the delay when organization members will be asked to re-complete the SSO flow; default is 7 days.
```

### IdP Role Mapping

* IdP Role Attribute Mapping

> It represents a JSON path from your IdP response from which to read the groups to which the user belongs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It represents a JSON path from your IdP response to read the groups to which the user belongs.
```

* Role Mapping

> It's mapping table, the first input is the group value of your IdP and the dropdown corresponds to available roles in your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It represents a mapping table, the first input is the group value of your IdP and the dropdown corresponds to available roles in your organization.
```

> You must at least specify one admin role, because we perform role syncing of the users when they log in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must specify at least one admin role. We'll perform role syncing of users when they log in.
```
